feat(lsp): Arguments to explainError/renderDiagnostic from current line (#431)
mrcjkb/rustaceanvim: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - LSP: Added optional `current`/`cycle` arguments to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LSP: Added optional `current`/`cycle` arguments to
```

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - LSP: Added current/cycle arguments to explainError and renderDiagnostic.
>   No argument defaults to cycle which is current base behavior. 'current' option
>   makes these functions only look for diagnostics in current cursor line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LSP: Added optional `current`/`cycle` arguments to 
  the `explainError` and `renderDiagnostic` commands.
  No argument defaults to `cycle`, which is current base behaviour. `current`
  makes these functions only look for diagnostics in current cursor line
```

- Testables: Default to `termopen` test executor if not using `neotest`

### Added

> - LSP: Added optional `current`/`cycle` arguments to 

Reviewer: This needs to be moved to an `[Unreleased]#Added` section.

```markdown
## [Unreleased]

### Added
```
